README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm JhonCap</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate FullStack developer from Dominican Republic</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=jhoncap2&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="jhoncap2" />
</p>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/" target="blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="" />
  </a>
</p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **[AplicacionIglesia](https://github.com/JhonCap2/AplicacionIglesia)**
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **[WepAppPeliculas](https://github.com/JhonCap2/WebAppMovies)**
- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **[Pokedex](https://github.com/wvasquez4/Pokedex.js/tree/master/src)**
- 📫 How to reach me **jhoncap22@hotmail.com**

---

## 🚀 Project Progress by Programming Languages

### 🧠 Skills Progress
(Valores de ejemplo, puedo ajustarlos a tu nivel real)

| Lenguaje / Skill | Progreso |
|------------------|----------|
| **JavaScript**   | ![JS](https://progress-bar.dev/85/?title=Avance) |
| **C#**           | ![C#](https://progress-bar.dev/80/?title=Avance) |
| **React**        | ![React](https://progress-bar.dev/75/?title=Avance) |
| **Node.js**      | ![Node](https://progress-bar.dev/70/?title=Avance) |
| **SQL / Databases** | ![SQL](https://progress-bar.dev/65/?title=Avance) |
| **HTML/CSS**     | ![HTML](https://progress-bar.dev/90/?title=Avance) |

---

## 🌐 Connect with me
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/jhon-christopher-adames-pérez-b6b078248/" target="blank">
  <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" height="30" width="40" />
</a>
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools
<p align="left">
<a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=jhoncap2&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jhoncap2&show_icons=true&locale=en" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=jhoncap2" /></p>

Commit message:

Revise collaboration requests and project progress
Updated collaboration and help requests, added project progress for WebAppMovies, and fixed formatting.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm JhonCap</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate FullStack developer from Dominican Republic</h3>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=jhoncap2&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="jhoncap2" />
</p>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/" target="blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="" />
  </a>
</p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **[AplicacionIglesia](https://github.com/JhonCap2/AplicacionIglesia)**
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **[WebAppMovies](https://github.com/JhonCap2/WebAppMovies)**
- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Pokedex** (proyecto externo)
- 📫 How to reach me **jhoncap22@hotmail.com**

---

## 🚀 Project Progress by Programming Languages

### 📌 AplicacionIglesia  
**C#**  
████████████████ 100%

---

### 🎬 WebAppMovies  
**HTML**  
██████████░░░░░ 65%

**C#**  
███████░░░░░░░ 34%

---

## 🌐 Connect with me
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/jhon-christopher-adames-pérez-b6b078248/" target="blank">
  <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" height="30" width="40" />
</a>
</p>

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools
<p align="left">
<a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=jhoncap2&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jhoncap2&show_icons=true&locale=en" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=jhoncap2" /></p>
